DOC-4852: Restructure the ToC for Query Topics (#592)
couchbase/docs-server: modules/n1ql/pages/n1ql-intro/queriesandresults.adoc

:page-topic-type: concept

[abstract]

> An overview of common concepts that you need to understand and use the Query service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An overview of common concepts that you will need to understand in order to use the Query service.
```
